you
simply explained the air in the
atmosphere is full of moisture these
unique air to water machines use a
high-tech process to extract the
humidity from the air filter it and
create clear pure drinkable water all
from the air we breathe we at the air
water corporation are making history
with our innovation determination and
technical know-how governments local
authorities and aid agencies at every
level are excited about our technology
our plans call for us to continue
spanning the globe offering our exciting
new technology and systems to areas and
two people that both need them and whose
very lives may well depend on them air
water corporation with its unique light
saving systems has proven itself as a
company saving lives relieving
desperation and bringing sustenance and
hope to the victims of disaster
you